README.md, before:

# coliru
A minimal, flexible, dotfile installer

## Installation
To install `coliru`, clone the repository and run `cargo install --path coliru/`

To uninstall `coliru`, run `cargo uninstall coliru`

## Usage
Dotfiles are defined as a series of steps inside a manifest file that are
    executed conditionally based on tag rules.
To install dotfiles, pass the manifest file and tag rules to `coliru`:

```
coliru path/to/manifest.yml --tag-rules tag1 tag2,tag3 ^tag4
```

Some helpful options include:

- `--help`, `-h`: Print full help information
- `--dry-run`, `-n`: Do a trial run without any permanent changes
- `--copy`, `-c`: Interpret link commands as copy commands

## Manifest File
Manifests are defined using YAML.
Each manifest contains a series of steps that are executed to install the
    dotfiles.
Each step contains an array of tags and any number of copy, link, or run
    commands.
The copy command copies a file from a source (`src`) to a (`dst`).
The link command links a file from a source (`src`) to a (`dst`) using symbolic
    links on Unix platforms and hard links on Windows.
Finally, the run command executes a script (`src`) from the command line, using
    `sh` on Unix platforms and `powershell` on Windows, with an optional
    `prefix` (e.g. `python3`) or `postfix` (e.g. `arg1 arg2 arg3`) string.

Example YAML manifest:

```yml
steps:
  - copy:
    - src: git_dotfiles/.gitconfig
      dst: ~/.gitconfig
    link:
    - src: vim_dotfiles/.vimrc
      dst: ~/.vimrc
    tags: [ windows, linux, macos ]
  - run:
    - src: install_programs.sh
      prefix: bash # Unecessary if install_programs.sh is executable
      postfix: -y
    tags: [ linux ]
```

## Tag Rules
Tag rules are specified on the command line using the `--tag-rules` option.
In order for a manifest step to be executed, its tags must satisfy all of the
    tag rules.
If no tags rules are provided, all manifest steps will be executed.
Each tag rule contains a comma separated list of tags that will satisfy the
    rule.
A leading caret (`^`) will negate the entire rule.
In other words, commas correspond to OR, carets to NOT, and the spaces between
    rules to AND.
So the tag rules `A B,C ^D,E` are equivalent to `A && (B || C) && !(D || E)`.

Commit message:

Implement $COLIRU_RULES variable in run postfix

README.md, after:

# coliru
A minimal, flexible, dotfile installer

## Installation
To install `coliru`, clone the repository and run `cargo install --path coliru/`

To uninstall `coliru`, run `cargo uninstall coliru`

## Usage
Dotfiles are defined as a series of steps inside a manifest file that are
    executed conditionally based on tag rules.
To install dotfiles, pass the manifest file and tag rules to `coliru`:

```
coliru path/to/manifest.yml --tag-rules tag1 tag2,tag3 ^tag4
```

Some helpful options include:

- `--help`, `-h`: Print full help information
- `--dry-run`, `-n`: Do a trial run without any permanent changes
- `--copy`, `-c`: Interpret link commands as copy commands

## Manifest File
Manifests are defined using YAML.
Each manifest contains a series of steps that are executed to install the
    dotfiles.
Each step contains an array of tags and any number of copy, link, or run
    commands.
Each command is run from the directory containing the manifest file.
The copy command copies a file from a source (`src`) to a (`dst`).
The link command links a file from a source (`src`) to a (`dst`) using symbolic
    links on Unix platforms and hard links on Windows.
Finally, the run command executes a script (`src`) from the command line, using
    `sh` on Unix platforms and `powershell` on Windows, with an optional
    `prefix` (e.g. `python3`) or `postfix` (e.g. `arg1 arg2 arg3`) string.
Inside `postfix`, `$COLIRU_RULES` will be expanded into a space-delimited list
    of the current tag rules.

Example YAML manifest:

```yml
steps:
  - copy:
    - src: git_dotfiles/.gitconfig
      dst: ~/.gitconfig
    link:
    - src: vim_dotfiles/.vimrc
      dst: ~/.vimrc
    tags: [ windows, linux, macos ]
  - run:
    - src: install_programs.sh
      prefix: bash # Unecessary if install_programs.sh is executable
      postfix: -y
    tags: [ linux ]
```

## Tag Rules
Tag rules are specified on the command line using the `--tag-rules` option.
In order for a manifest step to be executed, its tags must satisfy all of the
    tag rules.
If no tags rules are provided, all manifest steps will be executed.
Each tag rule contains a comma separated list of tags that will satisfy the
    rule.
A leading caret (`^`) will negate the entire rule.
In other words, commas correspond to OR, carets to NOT, and the spaces between
    rules to AND.
So the tag rules `A B,C ^D,E` are equivalent to `A && (B || C) && !(D || E)`.
